README.md, before:

# homework1-accessibility
Enhancing code to improve accessibility compliance and optimize for search engines

## Task
We have been hired by a marketing agency and asked to refactor some existing code to meet web accessibility best practices. We have been given specific criteria for this, and as a bonus we have an opportunity to improve the codebase.

## Project Work
My live website can be found [here](https://benfok.github.io/homework1-accessibility/)

My file repository in GitHub is [here](https://github.com/benfok/homework1-accessibility/)

## User Story

```
AS A marketing agency
I WANT a codebase that follows accessibility standards
SO THAT our own site is optimized for search engines
```

## Acceptance Criteria 

```
It's done when the codebase uses semantic HTML elements
It's done when the HMTL elements follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning
It's done when the images and icons contain accessible alt attributes
It's done when the heading attributes fall in sequential order
It's done when the site has a concise, descriptive title
```

## Proof
The end result should resemble the image below:

![Mock up of the Horiseon webpage](./example/01-html-css-git-homework-demo.png)

## Actions
I considered the following during this project:

- Aiming to replace all <div> tags within the codespace with more descriptive, semantic HTML tags
- Cleaning up the code through tag flow and indentation
- Ensuring all the code is solid and meets accessibility best practices (links working, alt text etc.)
- Consolidating the css code; removing redundant css classes and codes
- Ensuring the css code follows the HTML page structure
- I included a change-log.txt file with a chronological list of the changes I made

Commit message:

Rewrote README file to include change log and screenshot of my page and condensed project instructions

README.md, after:

# homework1-accessibility
Enhancing code to improve accessibility compliance and optimize for search engines

## Task
We have been hired by a marketing agency and asked to refactor some existing code to meet web accessibility best practices. We have been given specific criteria for this, and as a bonus we have an opportunity to improve the codebase.

## Project Work
My live website can be found [here](https://benfok.github.io/homework1-accessibility/)

My file repository in GitHub is [here](https://github.com/benfok/homework1-accessibility/)

## Screenshot
Here is a screenshot of my finished page. Change log is below:

![Screenshot of my finished webpage](./example/screen-capture1-finished-work.png)

## Change Log
I adjusted the following within the files and file structure:

- Replaced div=header with header tag
- Replaced div for navigation with nav tags, removing <ul> and <li> tags
- Replaced div hero with figure tags. 
- Converted hero image from a background image in css to an img pulled in HTML in order to add alt description and match the original proof
- Added in <main> tags for semantic HTML
- Converted primary content divs to a section and article tags. I did some research on this and appreciate that this could have instead been 3 sections. Each section does stand alone though with a header, image and information so article tags felt appropriate.
- Convert right sidebar to aside tags with articles contained
- Convert div footer to footer tags
- Update all img tags to pull from my file structure 
- Add alt text to all images
- Added id tag for first content block to fix broken nav link
- Added title for webpage
- Fixed HTML indentation
- Commented out the footer in HTML and CSS because it did not exist within the proof image. I left the code for easy reactivation if needed.
- Consolidated redundant CSS classes to reduce the overall amount of contained
- Rearranged CSS file
- Added comments to the index.html file
